Yeah, it's amazing. You know, we've been planning this for already for at least three years. Like, I don't know if you've seen our group. I haven't seen the group, actually. Somebody told me about your legendary. Yeah, so you are a runner, then? Yes. Yes. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, we've been running for the last, I don't know, 16 years. Wow. But Charles is, yeah, he's, like, almost like an Olympic runner. Oh. Yeah, he was going to the Olympics in the '90s, in the '80s. Wow, he competed? He didn't compete because the, you know, the Moscow one. It was cancelled. So he trained for four years, and then it was, then it was cancelled. I'm feeling so bad for Charles today. Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know. Yeah, he's such a good guy. You know, he's just like the, uh, he's our coach, actually. Really? Yeah. Wow. Wow. So, he, uh, yeah, he does so much good work, and, you know, helping a lot of people, and, uh, like, uh, yeah. I know him already for the last, at least 11 years. That's incredible. Is he from the area as well? He's, uh, he was living here close by, but he moved to Dandas and Sixth line. Okay, okay. Yeah. So we're gonna bring him back to Barante for the event. Yes. Yes, yeah, yeah. That's amazing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so the event was in our mind already for at least three, four years. I love it. After even, you know, COVID, we were talking about this, and then, yeah, it was just pulling this and that, and but this year, we said, okay, let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. You gotta start somewhere, right? Yeah. Oh, that's amazing. Yeah, so we have another, like, yeah, like I said, nine people are basically in a community. Exactly. And we have one guy, Greg Pace. Okay. He's from Burlingham, but he used to live in Bronte as well, so he's, in his heart, he's brought it. here. Okay. Yeah, right here on Marine Drive. And he's actually organizer of the, uh, what is called, uh, the Moon in June race in Burlington. Oh, okay, yes, yes. So you've done this for the last 35 years. Okay. So, we have a good support. Like, everybody, yeah, it's, listen, we have pretty good already start. We have about 90 sign ups. Oh, that's great. Yeah, I'm still kind of a say of... We have to speed up. What's your goal for the show? 800. Okay, okay, I see. Okay, you're good. So 10%. Yes, yes. So, that's good. We still have four months, four months. No one's thinking about it right now. Yeah. I know when I do the Terry Fox run every year, and we sign up two days before. Yeah. Yeah. Every run is something where you know you're not gonna be declined. Right? We actually were the largest group, so we raised the most from the Oakville. So you raised $27,000 this year. Oh, my gosh. How do you raise your money? Oh, my depot. Like, right now, so our group was Bronte Runners, Primo, and win, yeah, win. So three groups altogether. Mm hmm. So, like, the first year, I think it was 1,000, then 2,000, a year before we raised 12,000, but this year, we raised $27,000. That's remarkable, and that's all for the Oakville Dads Group. No, this one, this one was for Terry Fox. Oh, for Terry Fox? Oh, my gosh. You should be so proud of yourself. Yeah. Yeah, it was amazing. It was just that... Oh my goodness, wow. I feel like I've heard so much about you over the years, and Anna had mentioned to me a few months ago, like, you have to meet him. I've been seeing your posts in the Bronte Facebook group, as well. So just really excited. I love that you've chosen Bronte to do this, and, uh... No, this is our base. No, there is no other place to go. Yes, it's true. So it's a 5K? Yeah. 5K. Yeah, the first year is 5K. Okay. What's your goal eventually? 10K? 10, okay. Because we were going to even do the 10K as well. Yeah. So 10K would be from here, all the way to Applebee. Wow. After we college? Yeah. And then just turning around, going into Rebecca, and then fourth line going back. Yeah, okay. But, you know, we were talking with, yeah, Anna was involved during this time, but last year, it took me two months to convince the city to convince the town to give us the Father's Day. That sounds about right. Yeah. So what were they planning on doing with it? They just don't want to... No, they didn't want to. They didn't want to have another event close to Canada Day. Oh, I see. So they said, no, no, no. I see. Okay. And then I was basically, yeah, I didn't give up. I see. Well, they've probably seen in the news, in the past few days, candidates being relocated. Oh, really? So, uh... I didn't know. It a decision that's being put in front of council on Monday, but it's already... Oh. It'll go to Coronation Park. Oh, really? Because of what's been happening in recent years, so there's just no, um... I don't agree with us, huh? Coronation Park is such a small park. It's very unfortunate. I feel like we've had it here for decades, but Roti is known for Canada today. But the, yeah, the behaviour of the people who come here. Oh, the last year? last two years, I think. yeah. So I think, from the town's perspective, you can't have an event, and if someone will eventually get hurt, and when it happens, and people can say, You've known about this for years, and you continue to invite us. Right, right. So, uh, the police believe that the youth activity will stay in Bronte, that we're gonna still have that problem, and then coronation park. will hold Canada Day, and hopefully won't have the issue with, like, the people throwing fireworks. Wow. What a tie. What a time. And they're hoping that it's just a very, it's a one off generation that once they go out of it, hopefully the problem will go away. I don't know. I don't know if we're gonna see this for 20 years. I'm not sure, but. Well, we might hear this. Yeah. Yeah, I couldn't believe when they were showing the videos that they were shooting each other. Yes, I know. With fireworks? Brutal. It's so crazy. It's not... It was not my idea of fun. I know. I know. And it looks like, um, the May long weekend. Like, if you watch Farm Boy, it's like, um, you know what they call a kiss and ride at school? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what, because parents, I think, think they're dropping their kids off for an event. I don't think that they're dropping them off to cause trouble. They're being lied to, and it just looks like that. Like, okay, honey, we'll drop you off here, and you're like, No. Yeah. Um, anyways, so, yes, the police have recommended coronation. The town's gonna give it a go, but it is a small park. And the people in coordination, they don't like having events there, so the neighbourhood is already, like... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But the neighbourhood over here already, uh, already raising their voices as well. Yes. Especially the building the condo. The shoulders, yeah. Yeah. Yes, poor Anna. You just can't make everybody happy, and the voices that are unhappy are the loudest, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we are kind of a little oversaturated with events here, but I love it, because it brings people, but I know for the people who live here, they feel like, Okay, like. That's, you know, comes with a package. Yeah. As far as I'm concerned, you know, you just have, I don't know, they are not used to it. Some, basically, European, but in Europe, it's just every single weekend, the streets are closed off, and, you know... Yeah. Exactly. And yet you want your streets to do. be walkable. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You want to bring people to a town, you know, basically support businesses. Yes, exactly. How, for example, you know, three, four coffee shops in Bronte. Yes. can survive. And this kind of traffic. I know. And they do, I know. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's tough, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we're in a very challenging time. This has made things very challenging. Oh, it's this one. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, hopefully, it'll all be a thing of the past. Yeah. All right. So are there any plans for this condo yet? Not as far as I know. We have a meeting with the town lawyer in March. Mm hmm. Just to figure out how we can clean this up, 'cause I... So the BIA, I don't want the expense of cleaning it up to come at the cost of our businesses. Yes, for sure. enough. But we do want the hoarding back to the sidewalk level. We want that sidewalk open. Just clean it up, just tie up, you know, zip tie the fabrics. It was becoming a bit of a dumping ground. I feel like there's so many construction signs that we don't need that are just polluting the street. There's a sign in front of Broad Team Market Square that says construction begins, and right across the street, it says construction ends, and I'm like, Oh, yeah. So, I'm begging for them to take them down. I might just throw them all in the lake one day. Yeah. Oh, my goodness, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But, yeah, hopefully, it just sells, and... there's a little progress, but for now, there's nothing. Yeah, unfortunately, the times for developers is just, uh, yeah, it's a really good time. And it was gonna be such a beautiful project. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Anyway, back to your back to your event. Um, we're excited to help. So I got your great list of questions. Okay. Um, and I can kind of go through and let you know how we can be involved, if you'd like. Um, so basically, we have two kind of, um, uh, lists that we send out communication to, so one's community focussed. So, via Enus, for example, we have a subscriber list of vote, just under 4,000 people, and then we have our members. So I'm not able to share with you the contacts for our businesses, but I can let them know that this is an opportunity available to them. So if you write me a little story or provide me with the details about how they can become involved, we can present that to our businesses. It's got a great open rate. Um, but our businesses are quite notoriously, um, not engaged. So I will say, like, even if it were something like Canada, they, where, you know, you're gonna have 30,000 people, there's an opportunity for food vendors to go and open, and I don't think any of them have taken them up. offer. So certainly, tribe, you can help get the word out there. Um, I would recommend sharing this information with the Civitan farmer's market, as well, because those are great vendors. Yeah. Um, that are looking for that exact pop up. That's what we will have this, like, the expo right after. Yes. So we are planning to have at least 30 to 50 boots. Yes. Oh, that's so good. So that would be... So the beauty of this, you know, because every single race is just, you come for the race, you run, you get exhausted, you get your banana, you go home. Yeah, go home. Yeah. So this one is just completely different. Yes. We want to invite everybody into the park. You know, have some little shopping, you know? Help help the vendors. Yes. You know, have, 'cause it's a Father's Day. Yeah. So they can play with the fathers. They can run with fathers. Because there will be, you know, 5K run for the adults, and then 1K run for the kids. That's so beautiful. So the kids will be only running in a park around the park. Yeah, yeah. And we'll have some mascots, face painting, jumping castles, you know, this kind of stuff. It's incredible. And, you know, the vent is just, will start at 8 o'clock, but we'll run until 3 p.m. I love it. Yeah, so the whole day? Celebration. Yeah. And can people who haven't participated in the race come down after the run? Sure. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, this is, uh... You know, it's not only for the ranish. Yeah, for the runners, of course, and for the, you know, people that will come with them. But, you know, later on, you know, a lot of runners will go home. Maybe they will come back. If they see, you know, a nice music, and, you know, local, local bands or something. Beautiful. So, that's just an idea, but we are, you know, our meeting is just, like, you should see, you know, then, you know, so excited, you know? We're gonna do this. We're gonna do that. Yes. And it always dependent on knowing what your numbers are to see what your budget is. Yes, yes, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like the budget right now, everyone is just, Oh, hey, we still have four months, but we only have, you know, 80 people, you know, sign up, you know? So everyone is just kind of a, yeah, we need to go out. We were planning to go around the businesses, but, you know, it just takes so much time. Everyone is working. Yeah. Yeah Yeah, so if you guys can help us out, you know... Absolutely. We send out the C newsletter every two weeks, so we can package that up at the beginning of March and make yours the future story, but this is a wonderful opportunity. And, um, yeah, let our businesses know that you might be coming around with posters, that they're welcome to run in the race, become vendors, be open that day. Welcome the community. Even they advertise, we will have, like, every runner will receive the bags with them. So we are planning... We are planning to have the samples, you know, any flyers or anything. They can include, you know, in the back as well. That is so great. I know you asked about which businesses would be most key. I'm trying to think. the newer ones. that are trying to get their name out. Yeah. But we have four different fitness organizations in the area that don't compete directly with what you're doing, so there's hub fitness, live well fitness is more for people that want that monitored experience. There's an executive across the street here, which is, like, private classes, and then there's pinnacle Pilates, which is just open. Okay, okay. So, I think they would probably all love to have those materials in your bags. I'm trying to think who's ever... Our coffee shops are honestly the best ones. They say yes to everything. Yeah, we already spoke with peach. Yes. Because this is kind of our base after the run. Yes. Yes.. Like, you know, if you come here at 10 o'clock, Saturday or Sunday, it's packed, you know? Oh, that's so nice. It is. It's lovely here. Yes, yes. Yes. I think, um, if you can get a rust, or, like, catch on board, 'cause at the time, like, boathouse will be open, Duffy's will be open, so it'll feel vibrant. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But, yeah, we'll share this with our members, and we can also share, at that point, we'll have our farmers' market. Yes, yes. signed up, and we can share this as an opportunity for them, as well. Oh, yeah, the vendors market would be... Yeah. You know, because it has grown, you know, pretty big. Yeah, we just opened the other day. Yeah. I think we have about 70 who have applied, so we can send that information out. What type of vendors are you working for? You know, it doesn't have to be, you know, sports related. Mm hmm. It's good, but, you know, this is for the community, as well. Yeah. Yep. So even the runners, you know, they, you know, for any type of gifting, you know, accessories. Okay, you know, for kids. For shopping experience? Yeah, for shopping experience. Okay. Because we'll bring a lot of kids as well. So it's just toys, and, you know, stuff like that. Yes, okay. I love it. I think, um, you will probably find some of our market vendors would be more inclined, because they do have the ability to just create that pop up experience. Yeah. Um, so we'll do that. Yeah, for the vendors, we'll have to, because our plan is, we have to close the street, you know, probably around 7, 7 a.m. Okay. Because we starting at 8 a.m. Yeah. So we'll be closing the street, so we'll be getting the vendors going into the park around 5 a.m. Okay, okay. But they're used to with that. Yes. You know, so all the vendors are... think this is a problem for them. How many vendors are you hoping for? So right now, we are kind of laying things out. Okay. So plan is 30 to 50. Okay. That's great. How many on a... That is about 40 each. 4, okay. Yeah. Um, yeah, we're gonna reduce it a little bit, 'cause they all none of them want to be down the lane. Yeah, the area is much larger over there, so we'll have to just lay it out. So we don't have constraints. We can have 70 if we can get. Yep. But we don't want to also kind of, it's only for seven hours. Right. So a lot of vendors, they didn't want to come. They want to come, you know, maybe for the whole weekend. Right, yes, okay. And that's the $250 cost? Yes, yes. Okay. The other group I would maybe approach is the Bronte Legion. Okay They often have pop up markets, as well, and they might have a list that we're not aware of of people who would find. That price point seems quite similar to what the Legion Church is. Ours is quite inexpensive. only 25 a day. Okay, okay. So that's where I just don't know what our vendors would be willing to put. Okay, okay. But we'll help you get the word out there. If you have a poster, we can get it in the bulletin board. That's where that was going to ask, as well. On our website... Yes. We do kind of monthly happenings, as well, so we're happy to help get the word out that way to our socials. connections to media? I have names, like, just their names, that people I say. Okay, okay. But they're constantly looking for content. Yeah. So, um, Lucas and Tyler from the Oakville News, Davidson from the Fever, or the Inside Halton, and then your TV Halton. Okay, okay. They don't have anything to write about. Yeah. Um, so this is a wonderful story. Yeah. So I can definitely share that information. Okay, sounds awesome. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, because, you know, we just got an announcer, and he has such a nice voice. Yes. Yeah, I met him. He's an older gentleman, but I've been announcing on radio, also, a lot of races. Oh, that's so nice. So he has a nice, you know, voice. So he will be, he will be a really good person, too. That's lovely. Oh, that's so nice. So, he will, he will be there, obviously, for the race, but also for the event. Yes, okay. So, under the sales? Yes. Yes. We're gonna have a little podium and, you know, for the bands as well. That's so good. For music and, uh, yeah. We'll see. I already see it. It's kinda wonderful. No, it's, would you like any dignitaries there? Or do you go? If possible, yes. Yes, yeah. Because we were, you know, during the kind of application process, and, you know, for the date as well. Yeah. So we met with the counsellors, and, you know, they helped us out as well. Yeah. So I would like to invite them, you know, as well, maybe to have a little speech speech. I have an election year, so I'm sure they'll be there, so I'm just announced he's running for mayor. For mayor? From there. Really? Okay. Yeah. So he will be there. Perfect. So that's a good time. So... It a good time. Yeah. Yeah. That's fantastic. And if you need any help, I mean, we have a list now with local musicians that want to be in the area. That's, that's true. Give me a price point, I can kind of show you what's possible. But for now, provide me with the information. I'll get it out to our businesses and our vendors. Yeah. Um, and then if you have your own post or anything, we'll get it on our website. Yeah, we will have that. Yeah. Yeah, because as far as the musicians, or bands, yeah, we have one or two, Craig gave us as well, you know, for his event. Yeah. But that's Burlington. So I would like to have somebody look out here if we can. Also, somebody from Sound of Music. Oh, nice. approached us, you know, that they would like to kind of a partner. Yeah. As well. So I'm not really sure, you know, how that will go. Yes. Because that's such a much bigger event. And it was actually given to somebody else. I heard that, yeah. I've been following. So they kind of, you know, in a transition. Okay. But, yeah, they said they have so many contacts as well, but if you have somebody that you think that will be most... Yeah, even suitable. What type of vibe you want? Because we have our market vendors, which are, you know, the local musicians, one person, or we have our, like, notes experience, which is more expensive. You're looking at $2,000. Oh, per me. Okay, nice. Yeah, we were kind of looking for $400, yeah. Okay, I've got some of those. Okay. Yeah. There's a local woman named Gigi, who she comes to all of our events now, and she's... Was she, uh, during the, uh, Thursdays? She has never done a Thursday. Okay. Um, I wonder if I have... Because there was one lady, I think, last year. Yes. And we... She was unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. Switch something. Switchfoot or something? Yeah, she was so amazing. You know, I came with my wife, you know, we always take the dog, and... Yes. And just come over. And she was unbelievable. Yes, I, uh, we work with the program director who helps kind of figure out all the bands to do. And, uh, we often end up repeating a lot of them, because you know what people like. Yeah. But then you get the people saying, Hey, can you switch it up? And he said, You need a woman. Like, you can't just keep putting that on the microphone. So he picked this band, and... Yeah. Yeah. We showed him. Even them. Yeah. You just, you know, it doesn't have to be, you know, something, I don't know, amazing, unbelievable. Just something, you know, that you can dance, you can enjoy, you can sit on the grass and, you know, listen to, you know, something like that. Exactly. Yes. We figured out the formula. We want it to be a dance party. Yeah. Whatever people can dance to. Do you know what I love about the Thursdays? When they... When they, you know, buses coming over from the retirement... Yes. Yes, yeah. They kind of come in with the walkers, and then they dance. Yes. Mom's the best. Unbelievable. It's the best. 2 year olds. Yeah. Right? You get the 90s? Yeah, yeah. And that's what it's all about. Yeah, so this is kind of an atmosphere that we would like to, you know, drink after the race. Okay. As well? You know, that people come over and enjoy. Yes, something for everybody. Yeah, okay. I can see it in my mind, and I think it's gonna be fantastic. So you just let me know how we can help get the word out, but we'll start doing it now so that we can start getting the numbers. I'll sign my family up. We've got nothing going on. I don't run, but yeah, yeah. It's only five cakes. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, well, because we already have, yeah, CIBC already signed up, so we have, yeah. that we have. And for the shoe sponsor, we have on. So this is the, you know, major shoe player. So they will be sponsoring about 12 professional shoes. Yes. So, for elite runners, we will, and we will have also prices. So we will be able to invite elite runners as well. So if we can sanction, because right now, when I talk with Anne, she told us that, you know, there is a plan construction during this time. Okay. in the coronation park. Oh, is there? Okay. In the east parking lot. Okay. So if that would be the case, we would have to change the route, Elizabeth. We still will go into the coronation park. But we will have to look around the building, the shores. Okay. Yes. The initial plan, it was just to leave them alone. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah, to go into a marine drive, and then Jones down to the lake. Okay. And without, you know, entering that area, but right now, the plan is changing. Okay. So we'll probably have to go around. But the plan is such that, you know, from the building is here, we will start, you know, clockwise, so that everyone will start at 8 o'clock, and then we'll go back the other way, you know, from... Oh, smart, yeah. Okay? Okay. So this part, it will be opened just right after the start. Amazing. That's... It's gonna be great. Yeah. Having run a bunch of events now, I've never been attempted of anything like this, where you're moving the event. Yeah. Um, so I bow down. I bowed out. Yeah. It's a lot to organize. You're doing two very different things about your event that's gonna be in the park and the run. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And Lucy, you know, because, you know, this one, we called it, like, a Bronchi Harbour classic. just to bring people that it's a very kind of established round. But, you know, once this is proven concept, then we'll extend to 10K, and, you know, Costenke will require more organization. We required, you know, almost complete lakeshare to close up. Right. And, you know, a little bit, you know, longer time and all that stuff. But we would be already, you know, desktablished there. Yeah. I think it's I think it's great. It's ambitious. Yeah. Our community needs it. Yeah, I love that... Bronte. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Congrats. So, yeah, put me to work. You let me know, but in the meantime, um, yes, I will, I can send you some musician names. I'll send you the names of the local news. And we'll start spreading the words, okay? Okay. Let's get you. I'll see 100. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, perfect. That would be awesome. And because we're just kind of full of, you know, anxiety and, you know, are we going to get those numbers? And, you know, I have. And it's so stressful when you bring sponsors in that you need to deliver on what you promised. know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say, a potential, a sponsor, consider cedar planters, which is right up Great Lakes Boulevard now. They just relocated from Spears, but they do the beautiful cedar planters that are actually right across the street here. Okay, Columbia. Okay. So this is one product... I think I know what you're talking about. It's a husband and wife who, in COVID, wanted to garden, and he built her one of these, and then a neighbour was like, Really?? Really? Now it's the biggest manufacturing company in Canada. Really? They have a massive warehouse on Great Lakes, and the new, like, across from the gas station. Great station. Right by you. Really? Massive. Because I was picking up the shreds from, you know, shop. Yeah. Was this on Spirit? I've seen me on Spears. Yeah. So they needed a bigger space to do what they're doing. And so, they sponsored our fall event last year, and we were grateful for this much money. And then we saw the headline in the news a week later, saying the fastest growing company in Canada. We should ask for more. So they're an interesting group to talk to. Even if you, like, put their planters at the finish line. Yeah. There's something where everyone's going to see them, and they're beautiful products. That's actually a good idea, because, you know, we'll be, you know, the way we are planning, you know, so the start and finish will be a little bit spread out, you know, so there will be probably 100 metres apart. Okay. Because we need to have exact distance. Right. Oh, right, yes. But, you know, it will finish almost almost at the entrance to the gazebo. Okay. So that the gazebo is just gonna be, you know, the main base. We'll have, you know, all the vendors spread out, you know, over there, and then at the sales, we'll have, you know, the music, presentations, awards, and all that stuff in the morning. But that's, you know, the path. When the runners will be going in, we can put the planters over there. Yes. Yes. They, I... And June, that's, you know, the beautiful... People want to do it? Yes, they could have a booth right there, selling their kids, 'cause I think that's just make yourself... That's such a great idea. Yeah, so, I mean, they're right there. Yeah. They're local, they're growing, they're committed to this area. They both live in Bronte's. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. No way. Let them know what you're doing. Yeah, yeah. That would be my one tip. Yeah. See if they've got, like, That's a great way. You know, because even right now, we are looking for the title sponsor. Yeah. So, the title sponsor is just gonna be, so they will be entitled to put their name in the front of the, let's say, Bronte Harbour process. Right, yeah. I can't hurt. It's in it. They were wonderful to work with last year. They don't ask for a lot, but they gave a lot. They came down at our fall event. We said they could have a little space to promote themselves, and the booth that they created. Wow. Gorgeous. Yeah. They put the effort in. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's wonderful. Oh, good. I'm so happy. Good. So happy. And when I tell Charles, you know, all about this, she will be stunning. Please tell him... It's the first time he's.. Oh, in bed and feeling so much better. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, I hope so. How are you? How Yeah, he's training so many people right now, and we have a group. Oh, yeah. Group of the race, next, not this Sunday, next Sunday. So we have in Burlington, that Chilli have. Oh. Our group, we have about 40, 50 people. So we have our own tent. So nice. Yeah. Good for you. I wish I was a winner. Yours can start out. Yeah, great. Okay, yes. I'll go fuck. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. You really have to see me going right back to Charles. Yeah, I'll see you next time.? Yep. Thank you. Have great day. Thank