Um, So the way it works is, really, I pay the same for shirts, whether I order one or a thousand. Where the pricing comes down a bit is through the decoration of it. So, I would typically screen print these. You're gonna pay per location. So if you do the front and you do the back, that's 2 locations. And then every you get this shirt. Yeah, sure. I'm visual. Yeah, grab that white one. And I want to do also a little bit different, you know, something unique. Still don't know what, but, you know, there will be prints, but let's say there will be maybe some prints, you know, on a sleeve. Well, so that becomes a location, right? So this, for instance, here you've got 3 colours. Yeah, right? Orange, light blue, dark blue. If you were to do this on a dark garment or any other garment than white, you would have to put a white base. So that becomes 4 colours. Right? So on bigger orders, 4 colours, it only adds like ¢20 a colour, but you're adding. So that's why on the back, typically, you don't do as many colours. Now, here, because they had the title sponsor, they've got 3 colours on the back. Right? But you could do the back in one colour, I would suggest, right? Pick a colour and just do the whole the back all in one colour. And for the front, you know, do try and do 2 or 3 colours. So that's how the pricing kind of works on. So let's say if we have, this is white, but let's say if we have red, for example. Would that... Do you have to put white to kind of block the red and then you print on top of it? Okay, okay. So even if you wanted So you could do a white load. So even if I put black on red, you still have to put the white. You could get away with just doing too late. They would do 2 coats of black. Okay, okay, right? Because even for the bucks, that's what I would probably do for all the logos printing and all that stuff. Yeah. So again, at that kind of quantity, it doesn't, it's not going to affect it too much, right? It's more so, like if you're gonna do the front and back, um, I'm at about 3 bucks for the shirt, 3 bucks for the front, 3 bucks for the back. Can't give or take, depending over the quantity and colours that out. I'm at about $9, my cost. So, our industry typically works on a 50% margin. So, um, you're at, uh, what is that, 450, 1350 basically, right? And then I kind of donate back half of that. It's generically how I sort of look at it, right? Um, Yeah, so that's, I don't know, I'm being pretty transparent. I usually don't share that much how it works, but, um, like you will, you will, um, You only have so many options of shirts to really save money. So that one out there versus like a basic Guilden, uh, cotton shirt. It has to be a look, you know, it doesn't have to be quality quality. It'll literally be more than that polyester shirt. That's the challenge. If you go to Sapoli yesterday, it will be a cheaper version. Polyester is now cheaper than cotton. Really? textiles world. used to be different. Yeah. So... Like, I can do a white or black, ring spun cotton shirt. For, like, the same price as that. Here, I'll just show you quickly. I think I have both. So this is ring spun cotton, so feel that. See, it's a little bit softer, and then you'll see how it's a little bit rougher, but that's a dry blend? No, this... Wow, this does have polyester in it, because it's a heather colour. But, and this one's a similar, like, again, you feel the kind of the roughness of it, right? Yeah, yeah. So that's that's the difference. So this, the ring spun shirt is like an upgrade from this basic type of shirt. But then like, it's a solid colour because this is just like a, there is an undertone, like a black undertone. So like the white you see in their shirt is polyester. So this is a blend. That's how they get the heather colour look. So this one's probably like 30% polyester. But it's a basic shirt. Like, it's the, um, the entry level price point shirt for, How it's on the back of this one? Or not. Let it go. Oh, sorry, 50 50, so this is 50 cotton 50 polyester. Yeah, yeah. There's men's and ladies. So, again, it's nice to offer ladies, but especially if you're doing it in a casual shirt, maybe you can get away with unisex. And, right? to try and cover all those sizes, men's and ladies. Yeah. Right? You're gonna have like 12 options, over 800 people. You're gonna be wrong 8 times. Right. Kids as well. Yeah, well, okay. Kids may be different. You know, not too many. There would be a, you know, just a few and kid sizes are different. Yeah, they can be a little more flexible, right? You can wear, you know, bigger. Yeah. But, um, but yeah, that's a decision whether you want to go men's ladies or just go unisex, right? Which would be amends. So you just tell ladies to pick like a size down, right? If they're a, if they're a medium, they would get a small, right now you already have, you know, men and women. So, they're already online. Oh, you've already asked for sizing. Yeah. It doesn't increase your cost. It just... Yeah, I know, logistics. Just to, yeah. But if you've got that red scene, inevitably what happens, like working with these guys, they've only got like 60% of the registration at the time we have to make a decision on the shirts. Right? So you're making a guess on almost half the order as to how it'll net out. And you'll be in the same kind of boat, right? You'll, you know, we'll need to make a decision about 3 weeks out from the race. Oh, yeah, no, for sure. Like, we will, you know, the way it's set up right now. So we are offering the shirts that they will be, uh, uh, included with the within the cost. As long as you register by the 31st of May. Everybody after, you know, there is no shirt involved. Oh, okay. So, yeah. So we have 3 weeks before. We already know, you know, by the end of May, let's say, the last week of May. So you have 4 weeks to print. Okay. Okay, um, So like, so that's just understood. So, like, everyone in this race gets a shirt, even if they sign up the last day, let's say, right? Yeah, yeah, they will get it, yeah. It's just, uh, you know, like right now it's just to to, uh, kind of push them a little bit. You know, that when they will get a shirt. Yeah, later on, I'm pretty sure we'll be left with some shirts event. Because, I mean, I can, like, these are, like, heat, these are heat transfers, right? The same way I did your tape key shirt and the Bronte Runner shirts. So... I can do this and we could do it in 2 waves. Like, you could say on May 31st, Brent, here's 600 shirts that I know I need, and I'll get them done. can take a breath. And then, like, a week and a half out, you could say, okay, I've got 100 more registrations. Here's the breakdown. And we do 100 more shirts. kind of last minute, right? That's a lot harder to do with screen printing. That time of year, there's the booking, the way the booking is and the way there's setup charges for all the screens. It's a different costing model. So running a 2nd run becomes quite more expensive than the 1st run. Where with this method, there's basically no incremental cost. I'm just, I'm just doing a little bit of extra work in a way that I'm not charging for. Let's come up with the design first, because, like, right now, definitely, you know, the front probably will not change. You know, the back, it will change. Yeah, because of the sponsorship and everything. So we have to wait, you know, to the last minute, you know, for the for the back brand. Yeah. Yeah, and I mean, the prince, like, again, that sort of 3 weeks out, like, I'd want to get it on their schedule for more of just a quantity to say, hey, you're gonna do about 800 shirts front and back. You know, I need to buy this date so that they can get it on their schedule, but I don't need the, I don't need at that moment to necessarily have the artwork finalized. Yeah. Yeah, definitely because we'll have some shirts for volunteers, you know, for staff. You know, so definitely this, this, you know, can be done, uh, much more quicker and, you know, just basically as needed basis. Yeah. Um, I mean, as you're contemplating the design, the one thing I'd say is what tends to work well is when you have, like, negative space. So, if, um, so, like, if this light blew was, like, not printed, right? Then the shirt, it just is a lot lighter, right? Like just be careful that you're not printing a solid design, right? Where there's colour everywhere. Use the colour of the shirt in the design so that that can be negative space. Yeah. Just the logo feels a lot lighter, not as sort of crunchy. It just moves a little bit. So, you know, consider the shirt colour kind of coming through as part of the logo and sort of design with that in mind. And it just won't feel as solid, right? Yeah, we still haven't decided, you know, 100%. My idea would be to have them bread the same as brown tiranis. to have, you know, wave of red, redness. But we'll have to see. I think it will be nice, but... But doesn't it, I don't know, doesn't it almost... dilute the Bronte runners? Maybe, yeah. Yeah, we'll have to digest, you know, like right now, it's just, it's still, you know, not decided, 100%. I was leaning towards, like, a blue colour. The water, you know, Oakville tends to have blue and whites and colours. So kind of blue was what I sort of thought. a little bit different. Yeah, maybe. Complimentary to men and ladies. Red's a little polarizing, right? Yeah, you just seen your face. red, yeah. I mean, you could do white, too. I mean, why it works with blue blue design elements, maybe? But yeah, I think whiter blue is maybe the way to go just seems to fit with that Bronte Oakville kind of colour scheme. So let's say going back to the pricing model, so let's say you said 1350, 50% that will be 675. That's our cost. So I was referencing half of the profit. Okay, okay. So call it to, like, call it 250 a shirt. So 250 times 800. is how I'm sort of trying to spend back. Oh. Hard. I have. So we're already at, what's that, $2000? Are doing that right? Oops. So the shirt, the shirt, 13, 1350, gosh, yeah. Yeah, that's 2000. And I and I had suggested that 2500. See, because so basically... It's. Like, to give 2,500, um, I'm kind of doing the shirts for not making any money, in a way. And... I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, to be honest, you know, just like right now, because Greg is with us as well. So he's printing, you know, the shirts somewhere else. I have no idea where. But we have price for 10 bucks a per shirt. Is that the front and back? Yeah. That's what he's printing right now. Multiple colours? Um, I'm not even sure. I mean, I will have to just say, you know, yeah, we'll have to just compare apples to apples. You know, five, seven. I mean, it could be. The problem with t-shirts is that there's people willing to do it and make like a bucket shirt, right? So, um, yeah, depending on how they quoted it, like often it's like, oh, but that was for one colour on one side. And then you go back and, oh, well, it's 2 more dollars if you want 2 colours on this side and the back. But I'm not saying they're trying to be deceptive, but just make sure that the front and back are included. And what shirt are they including? Yeah. Um, because it could be that, you know, just, yeah. I mean, yeah, printing cheap t-shirts isn't sort of my game, right? Because we don't print in house, like entropy prints in house. But even they don't, a 1000 shirts for them doesn't even get them out of bed, really. They do 20,000 for the Toronto Maple Leafs for a game, right? So, but they may be willing. I don't know. Yeah, I mean, I try to support a lot of people, and like I said, I don't really even give the Oakville race as much discount in some respects, right? And we do 4 races together. But, um, But yeah, I don't know. No, let me know and see how it is and make sure it's kind of... So your cost would be, so let's say, 1350? Uh, by number of, you know, participants, but then we will deduct $2.5,000. Yeah, yeah, that's from the data surface, right? Like, I'm kind of balancing. I mean, I can give you a better T-shirt cost in some respects, but then I don't know that I can justify sponsoring something for $2,500, right? Like... As much as I have emotional attachments to a lot of these things, I don't know at what point to kind of separate that emotion from being in business to make money, right? Right, right. Um, so, like, if I don't do the t-shirts, let's say, then I definitely don't have, you know, $2500 to just kind of put my logo somewhere. You know, I'm using the sale to fund the sponsorship, basically. Yeah, yeah. Um, So let's say let's take 800 people. So 800. Uh, times... It's 10, eight. Nah. Yeah, that comes, uh, closer to eight, eight grand, so that's why, like, right now, what that's what we have in a sort of a budget. $8,000. Just for the shirts, for 800 shirts. 10 bucks. Uh, But then, uh, you know, uh, then you would like to get the sponsorship as well. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, like I said, this, like when I was talking about this, this is kind of like the full price sort of scenario, right? I mean, if I, if I, when the logos are finalized in that, the 1350 is probably, like, worst case, right? I'm doing it without referring to any pricing or anything off the top of my head. So, um, It's just, like, again, I'm torn as I've got these community partners. I want to support these things and be part of it. But, um, It's like I do all this work and make like $100, right? Like, is it no, you don't have to tell me that. Like, do I? Like, some people think I'm crazy, right? They're like, why would you even do it? Um, So, I don't know, this is always the balance I have when people come to me with like money and sponsorships and stuff. And like I said, like, I wish I had some stories to go back to ownership and say like, oh, we got this client because of this. We got this client because of that. Like, I think he's been pretty good to see, like, generically. We've got some brand recognition and, you know, when it's on Facebook, people refer us. Like, there is some value there, but again, like for the amount of money we've kind of put out into stuff, like, we can't really substantially say that we've got any customers because of these, right? So that's that's my my sort of dilemma. I don't have an example to hold on to to say, oh, well, I sponsored that and got a $20,000 client, right? Right. So, I don't know. I'm as I as we evolve, I'm contemplating our strategy, right? And what to participate with and who to sponsor and at what levels, right? I mean, our kind of philosophy right now is that we'll only sponsor clients, right? We basically, if you walk in off the street, it'll be a no because we've got more than enough clients. Like Kerr Street Mission is a client, right? We subsidize their stuff. Um, You know, we've got several of those types of clients that we subsidize with sort of this value and kind type stuff. So, you know, it's like at what point are you doing a lot of business but not making any money? So yeah, I don't know. It's just something we're trying to do. You guys do the medals as well for Oakfield 21 or? No, no, someone else does that. Yeah, I think somebody kind of had a connection there. I mean, no, those are imported. They import them. from China. Yeah. I'm not sure if you'll have that luxury. Um, I have a guy here in Toronto that makes them. No, I met I met, I think, 2 weeks ago because I went for a summit. Yeah, in London? No, there was a race director at Summit that was in Scarborough. Oh, all my friends went to the one in London. Okay, okay. No, maybe that was sponsored by a race roster and athletic Ontario. It was 2 weeks ago. So there was a guy actually with a with the medals as well. For a few. Yeah, I actually saw that and wondered about exhibiting at one of those. Okay, okay. But yeah, no, it was small. I think for, no, I'm not really sure if that's a, that's an event. One in London seemed a lot bigger. Oh yeah? There were only 2 or 3 vendors. And 130 participants. Oh, okay, that's for all the same. Yeah, I'm not saying there was a ton of vendors, but they look like quite a good number of people. Yeah, it was basically all the directors from all the races from Canada. See, I've really had two in that short period of time. It seems funny. Maybe I'm not a duck Cooper. You know Doug Cooper? No. Inspiring day last Saturday, surrounded by so many incredible talented race directors, Sandy, uh, Centennial College. Oh yeah, that's the one. Yeah, that's not London. Centennia. I thinking of London. Sorry, that's right. Yeah, yeah, I've been there. Yeah, so the Oakville 21, like these guys were all there. Cool. Cindy, Sandy, and. Oh, yeah, yeah. saw them. Yeah. Yeah, I was right behind Cindy. Okay. Yeah, okay, so we are talking about the same one. When I saw Santana, I thought Centennial College was in London. Nice. anyway, um... Yeah, so I have a guy who makes medals here in Toronto. Um, What my best suggestion would be there was is to do, uh, the same medal and put different lanyards on it, right? If you want to do one for the adults, one for the kids. Next year, one for the five, one for the 10, but use the same metal. Because that's where your biggest expense is going to be, and you're creating a die, like a cast die for it. So, um, That's where you have some efficiency if you do like a 1000 medals versus 300 and again, you're managing, 0 shit, I didn't order enough of this one. Oh, sure. And I kind of always suggest too, like, keep that medal the same and just change the lanyard every year. Because now if you got 100 left over, you just use them next year, order 100 less or whatever. But as soon as you put 2026 on it, right? So be careful with the years. Like, these are all the little things that you can get caught with inventory or you can move on to the next year. Yeah the shirts might be different. Yeah, the shirts, I think, like... that big of a deal. Yeah. And especially because it's your 1st year, you probably want to have like a 1st, you know, like a call out. Yeah, like, you know, inaugural race or whatever, you probably want to have a 1st year element to it anyway. Again, if even if you have a 100 shirts, right? It's like a 1000 bucks in the grand scheme of things, it's probably not the end of the world, but yeah, you want to be kind of as tight as possible. Okay, perfect. But yeah, if you go adding the sleeve, right, you're adding another two, 3 bucks, another two, 3 bucks. Yeah, for the sleeve? Yeah. Right? Every location. It doesn't matter. You can do this whole chest for the same price as the sleeve. No, but let's say, you know, yeah, yeah. Right? So you're not taking good advantage of the space in some respects. Sleeves are trickier, right? It's a little more. Now, it's just to be different, you know, because they were they were showing, you know, a few different ways of, you know, putting be different even with the shirt. So to have a sign, you know, somewhere over here. versus, you know, the chest. You know, just or some sort of a nice phrase or, you know, different things. Yes. Well, I've always said, like, I don't love this stuff, right? It makes it a lot less wearable. The thing that they're forgetting, I guess, is, right? If you do something, I don't know, let's just say you want this big design. Well, that's good. We're looking at a men's large, but now a lady's small, it doesn't fit. So when we do these, every single shirt, 6000 shirts are this exact same front and back. Like same size, everything. Identical. 10 inches, right? 10 inches is like a standard width. So if you do something funny like that, well now you got to do a run of like ladies versus a run of men's or even the men's extra small, it won't fit or like, there's great ideas. If you're doing 50,000 shirts, K not a big deal. But if you're doing 800 shirts, you don't want to even 2 variations of it, really. Right? Because again, it's your cost, you're paying 25% more. to have kind of a ladies print versus a men's print, right? Versus having a generic one. I mean, if I do, If I were to do men's shirts, I could do this up to like 12 inches wide. If I would do ladies, I'd probably do it 9, but we do 10 inches on everything, right? So it looks a little big on a lady's extra small. It looks a little small on a men's 2XL. But, again, for efficiency, right? You're doing 6000 shirts. It's the same, the same shirt, you don't have to sort them all and pay a cost, pay all the setup charges, right? Every colour is a setup charge. So this shirt, there's about $300 in some cost just to get it ready to go. So if you do a different design, it's 300 bucks right off the top that you're paying to set that different design up, right? So, yeah, that's, I mean, that's where we work together and figure out what's the best thing to do for cost and for aesthetics, I guess. But, uh, but yeah. Okay. Let us dig in and yeah. I think, yeah, we have to... Yeah, we have to turn every dollar like right now is just basically, yeah, it's difficult. Yeah. But let me know on the t-shirts, right? Like I said, I'm just doing this blind, right? And kind of giving you a bit of a insight as to how the industry works in a way. Okay. Um, But, uh, like, this is where I'm motivated to partner on the shirts, if you will, like, for me to sponsor, I don't know what another one of the sponsorships was, but a water station, like, like, I make sure it's so just sponsor the shirts seems to me. No, for sure. Right? And then I can kind of promote it a bit. But, uh, so yeah, like, I'm, I'm not, yeah, I mean, let's.