And, you know, financial support. So, um, hopefully the meeting today can just make sure that these two parties are kind of on on the same page. You're in here too. Well... Well, yeah, I mean, don't run away. But, uh, I don't want to, like, represent myself, like, social dads, per se. Like, that's why these guys are here, and I'm really just trying to bring together two community groups and make something really great happen. So, um, maybe, Greg, if you want to give a bit of an overview, I'll hand it over to you to talk about what you're looking to do and what help you're hoping to get from the dads and how you see kind of the the process running the day of with the dad's involvement and the funds and that kind of stuff. Yeah, thank you guys for seeing us, and I think there will be a, it's good opportunity for, you know, for Bronte runners, but also for the community and for you guys as well. So our idea was basically for like brand set, you know, for the love of running, you know, we were always saying, okay, why don't we create a community run and, you know, bring everybody together and that's, you know, the idea came from. And, you know, we were going to do this even a year before, but then delay delay. So this will be the first one. This is the first time. It's been a three year process. We, you know, going back and forth with the city and, you know, what our goal was. And when we originally talked about the idea, it was above, as Greg said, building a bigger community, more than just because our model is basically, it is business community charity. And I'm very big on the charity side, and I wanted to make sure that we had a charity attached to the run. For over 30 years, I've been involved with different outreaches and aspects. Do you have a primary, uh, charity or? No. No, no, no, no. So we were very open. And of course, when Brett heard we were doing something on Father's Day, it's like, oh... Oh that's great. Yeah, perfect. Thank you again for setting this up. This is fantastic. It's like, oh, the old cool dads. It would be perfect. And I said, yes, because... Uh, because, uh, over the last 27 years... to be that way, but this seems more of a match for us. And because, from my understanding, you do support other charities through your group. Yeah, we have three kind of community. Yeah, we had some we had some initial, not talks, but we had some donations with the care mission. So that's kind of a, was it also another charity to that we could go to. But because of the that, you know, uh, Father's Day, that would be a great opportunity for, you know, celebrate the Father's Day and all feel that. It's just... it rolls in really nice for the fall on the Father's Day too, so... Correct me if I'm wrong, though. Throughout the commu- Oakfield dad's community fund, you can direct those funds to any partner of the Oakfield Community Foundation, who's vetted, correct? Oh, no, so I'll go through it. Okay, so, Opalad's is structured in two entities. One is Opulad's Inc, which wouldn't fit in here. That's kind of who we run our golf tournaments and whiskey dustings through and stuff like that. And the other part is local dad's community fund, which is a fund, created under the Oakville Community Foundation. As such, the ODCF has a chair, uses the OCF's charitable number. So anybody who donates to that fund, gets a charitable receipt. That would be, like, if we were to work, and then I'll talk about where we usually channel the money from there. So, um, that would be kind of where, um, you know, if you, we were to work with you guys and you guys were making a donation to us, that's where I would like you to make the donation because then you're gonna get a direct charitable receipt and it goes into a charitable fund. From there, that money can be donated to any registered charity in Canada, and it can also be given to universities in support of scholarships. So, um, elklejots, group, we support three primary charities, and we do a scholarship. So the 3 charities we support are Oakville Fair Share Food Bank. That's our primary charity that we donate to, and it always has been. We also do a lot of food drives for them, and so forth, it's an easy thing for people to understand, is a food insecurity. Oakfield Meals on Wheels is another partner that we donate money to, another supporting people who are more shut in, perhaps, or seniors, and again, food insecurity. And then the 3rd one that we've started supporting this year is safety net, and safety net's a great, um, uh, program for people in Holton and Peele, who have, I don't know if you know of them, but they do a lot of great work with, um, people who are underprivileged and help newcomers and and people are experiencing poverty. They were pretty large, almost component to it as well. Yeah, in the home, in the own house, yes, it's massive. Um, and then the other thing we do out of that charitable fund as well as we give, um, 4 scholarships a year. to old kids. So, uh, we, uh, earmark $2,000 per scholarship. So $8000 total, and then the past couple of years we've been able to find some matching money to boost that up to $3000 each. When we donate the money from our fund, we usually donate it during Give Oakville. Give Oakville something that the Oakville Community Foundation does in November, December. And that allows us to get matching money for our money as well. So whenever we can leverage up how much we're donating is key. So those are kind of that's that's who we support. And so, look, it is highly focussed, not religious, it's not, you know, um, gender-based, it's basically focussed on food insecurity, poverty, and homelessness, which is, uh, we were one of the largest donors. Yeah, with meals, with top of them? Yeah. And meals, yeah. Meals on wheels, safety net as well. So some big... Yeah, yeah. Made sure that they, with our donations, they made sure that they got their full give Oakville allocation from OCF, which is which is great. But again, we're able to date any charity out there, but those are the 3 that we generally have relationships with and we support, we try to stay local. in Oakville. Okay. Yeah. And that's what was important at things to, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, safety net does bleed a little bit into Mississauga, but, you know, I feel like it's homeless for the most part. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they're physically bricks and mortar in Oakville. Yeah they're right there. Yeah. Yeah. That meals on wheels is purely Oakville. Fairshare Food Bank is curly Oakville. Nice. Yeah, so from our point of view, it's just, uh, yeah, since this is our first inauguration year, so money is really tight, but we think that, you know, having you with us, uh, so we can have the registration donation options. So basically every person that registers for the race, they will have an option to donate. And based on our research from other, uh, other races, uh, there's contribution like 5 to $20 per person. And we are hoping we're going to start with 800 plus runners. That's your target? That's our target. The whole goal is to make this a Canadian sanctioned race. It's the fastest race in Canada for 5 and 10 K over. The city is allowing us to start with the 5K, adds a 10K next year. The goal is to have a sanction with athletics, Ontario and athletics, Canada, which I belong to. And how do you get it sanctioned? What other steps there? There's a process where the course has to be flat. There is elevations that have to be, you know, proven that there are, that we have to get an independent study on the course to verify that it is flat and fast. And that attracts a lot of people. I can tell you, because I looked before I left today. So when we started the group, when I took over the group, um, almost 6 years ago, we were involved with the lighthouse and we was our charity. So on me, so we started like it was like $400 the 1st year. Then it went to $700. Then we sort of switched gears to Terry Fox. And in our first year, we raised $4,000. And then, the next year, we raised $7,000, and this year, we raised $23,000. Okay. Now it's more. So, 27. That was almost 27, because... Good for you guys. So, the group is, like I said, Cherry is a big aspect of what we do. So, uh, it may seem like minimal to start with you guys at the beginning, but it will grow. Very much. How many are in your group? There's almost 700. 700? What's the...? The name of the...? Ronnie Rogers. Okay, for our tea, prime, all that. Oh. And it's men and women? Men and women, yeah. Is that right? I tell you most women. Yeah. Yeah, are there any AIDS on this? No, no, no. Well, I shouldn't say that. If they're under 13, they must have a parent with them. Okay. Well, I... But we're a very social group. Yeah. Yeah. But the race itself is so 5K and 1K for the kids. But also this is not only the race, so we are starting at 8 o'clock in the morning. So the race, it's going to be finished by probably 9.30. And then we are starting a vendor event. Okay. So we are planning to bring, you know, anywhere from 50 plus vendor boots. And also you will have a place yourself. You can put a tent. Where would they take donations? That's going to have a entire park. Entire Park is our. Yeah, no, no, no. butterfly. Yeah, by the gazebo. So we'll also have the live music. So we'll bring some bands. You know what's great about that is that, um, they'll kill 21.one or they'll kill hash or whatever they want to call them. whatever they're calling themselves today. They start at Shell Park. Yes. And the neighbours really don't like it very much. But the race is just, you know, the problem with the race is just people are coming and they finish the race, they go home. Our race is gonna be different. You're gonna race in a festival. And we're gonna have a festival. Are you gonna have to, like, food trucks? Yeah, we will have the food tracks, we'll have a jumping castle for the kids. So everything just, you know, when the family is gonna come in, they will have fun for the whole day. Because you want everyone to come out with your whole family for the whole... Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. It's a whole event, celebrating Father's Day. So the kids would be over there having their fun. trying to work something out with the local business there that might be something you might be interested in, but until I finalize it, I don't want to... put it out there because... duckies or something or flavour. But, you know, having a cafe of tent in within their, you know, people would probably stop by, someone would make donations. We don't know. It's a possibility that's another avenue there. The other thing I wanted to mention is where we just had it agreed upon, that we're doing something called the Hut, for lack of a better terms, it's the Halton 5K race series, in which we partnered with VR Pro, who does a chilli half marathon, and with Greg Pace, the Pace performance, who does the Moon and June in Burlington. So we're doing three races. So, yeah, that the 3 races involved will be the Moon and June 1st, the Browning Harbour Classic, and then the Canada Day, Burning in Burlington. Thanks. And which, you know, we're, I went to get the charity would be mentioned in that as well. So you have exposure through VR Pro to 25,000 runners, through pace performance, about 17,000. So it's, wow. Yeah, it's just... Like they found raising opportunity. is just maybe the registration donation option maybe sound a little bit small. But, you know, throughout the whole day and, you know, preparation for the day, exposure, marketing, exposure is huge. Yeah, yeah. Because on site, yeah, on-site foundraising is just basically it starts from the morning, and then it's just the activity that people will be coming in because of the vendors, because of the music, and, you know, some, some kids activities, and also we were thinking, you know, that we can also have like a kind of a bonus idea, you know, dog walk component, you know, so there are, there are... Of course he already said, but I was going to say what it was, but... Okay. But there's other things you can do with draw from there. We can, like, if you wanted to raffle something off that day, so to make sure the money's coming in, as well. That's a cool idea. Yeah. Yeah, so, are you looking for, like, partnership pick thing, or is it the 1st course, partial? But we're just looking for volunteers. people. I guess that's... Thank you so much. Thank you so much. I'm very close to my heart, though. I feel very careless. Those are melody, cow. And, uh, it will grow through years. The first year is always a little tight with everything, but once we get rolling. Yeah, but it's also about creating an event in Oakville that's new and supporting it, right? The counselor's a quite excited voter. Sean and... They're excited, whatever. They're excited. These many... Oh, is he? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I went to kindergarten with... with Jonathan. Oh, yeah, that's good. Yep. And we know them well. Yeah, and it's also just about, like, we all live in Brani. So it's also about creating something. So what's your route gonna be from, you're gonna start at the... We start at the park. We go along Ontario Street up to Marine Drive, down Marine Drive, in front of Coburn Lodge, and venture out onto the road. We go loop in the park in the parking lot aspect right now. There's a little, things a little tentative right now, because there's planned construction. Yes. So, we're, we might have to change our route to our original route, which is still looping inside the parking lot, coming back down. Inside carnation room? Yeah, back to Marine Drive, straight all the way down to Bronte, and then loop back onto what I heard. So if you run so you don't have to go on Lake Shore. So if you go marine... Just a bit. Just slightly. So you just go that way, and then you that way, that's about 2.5, and then it's 2.5 back. Oh, that's nice. a good run. And then the 10K winded goes, it'll go all the way down Lake Shore, too, in front of Applebee College. And where that little store is. Yeah, loop on to Rebecca, and then come back, on 4th flying back onto Lake Shore and back down. And that's for next year. That's next year. And the town will, like, block the streets type thing or? That one lane. Okay. It'll be one lane. So it's still, there's still some through traffic. The thing that we're doing a little different than other races is our signage is gonna be all over the race course. We're also, I'm going to probably, I'm approaching church groups and things just to get out and cheer throughout the different points of all the running, so we have lots of... How many? Okay, so how many, so what do you need? What do you need? You need people, right? Yeah, we need we need definitely what you need in advance. So at the day of the race, you need things, you probably need things in advance, so how could we help? So in advance, it's just the active participation in marketing. Okay. So, basically, you have quite a large group as well. Mostly Oakville, dads. And yeah, so that will be a good exposure. And are you guys members of the Oakville Deads? And perfect. And with the Oakville dads, what we can do is if somebody registers, they can go to Oakville dads and get a discount code. Yeah. Cool. I tagged 4 or 5 guys that I know run, like Jamie Dennison. Yeah, Jimmy, I know him. They all big... For sure. No, I love that fact that it's, I mean, I'm not a runner, but it's one of those things that I think we can, you know, help promote it, but also as part of the active living. And that the healthy style, like our events, the golf tournaments are huge for us. We do whiskey tasting and fun things like that, but not really help specific. So I like that this angle, you know, we could we could definitely, um, I think, dig in and help, you know, create some. I like I like that it's kind of, I like the community activity at the end, too, right? That's really great. Yeah, I mean, I've done I've done the Oakville half when it was called the Oklahoma half. but I just kind of power walked it. Yeah. How's it going, Mr. Murray? How are you? I recognize most of you. Yeah, good to see you guys. Thanks for having us. Obviously, I'm not a runner, but I just power walked it. It took me an hour. It was no problem at all. Yeah. And that was great. It's a good joke. Yeah, I think that's the And it's a nice, it's a nice road as well. That's a nice ride. I like that road. Yeah. So, um, so in terms of what you guys are doing, so then, so ahead of time. So, yeah, so we can post, you know, we have what are kind of our giving Tuesday concept. And so, you know, together, the 6 of us can post on there, right? And remind people that this is coming and to participate. So I guess you want people to sign up for it. Oh, yes, yeah, for sure. Do you have digital assets? Sorry, I mean, cut you off. Do you have digital assets or digital signups and stuff on creating? Yeah, race roster. Yeah, everything is on race road. We'll set up a code for you. Okay. And what they do is they answer your code. So, whatever you want the code to be, if you want Oakville dads, it'll say, oh, for dads, they go in there, and then automatically, we'll get them. But then at the same, at the same time, we will have to register you as a found raising charity. Yeah, we need to advertise that. So we need to, because right now, how you want that to look. Yeah, right now, we have approximately 80 people already sign up. Correct. Uh, but, you know, we need, like right now, the whole marketing, we are reaching out to, uh, you know, a lot of people, and we, we don't want to lose, you know, any opportunity for, for donations as well. Yeah, other aspect I should mention to you. It's the winners are going to receive cash prizes, so we're going to attract. We already have one of the lead runner already signed up, so there'll be a lot of elite runners running this race. Yeah, whenever it's cash price, you can. Sorry, dumb question, but for 5K, like elite Reynolds will come. Yes. Oh, yes. Oh, wow. Awesome. Yes. And what's the cost? How fast do they go? 13, 14 minutes? 13, 14 minutes yeah. Five kilometres? Yeah. I used to run. do that on a bike. Why? Power walk in an hour, but yeah, that's kind of slow. Of course I would give you a run. And then the cost of entry? Sorry, what are you thinking? No, it's already because it's staggered, you know, based on time frame. So right now it's $73. It's going to go up to AD, I think one. Okay, this is the early. Oh, okay. which is neighbourhood. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is standard for all races in Ontario. 70, 80 bucks is normal. Which will change next year, thanks to athletics, Ontario, but that's another story. And runners, will they get like a tag for the shoe type thing? Is that? Yes, there will be a tag a bit. Their bib has a bar across that registers, like as soon as they cross the start line, it activates as soon as they finish the race. The software, you have to give cameras and software. Cool. And I used, and you sent, you sent guys out in flights? As many as you can give us. There's a lot of activities going around through the kids' aspect with Bouncy Castle and stuff like that to just course management. got marshals on the course, people who want to ride bikes to just keep things along, going along to water stations, to bag check in. There's a lot. Which you need 20, 4,500? No, we need probably around 100 people, 100 volunteers. Okay, and how many do you have right now? Right now. Two. Five? Yeah, we have a group of our runners. So, our rifle will be volunteering, but still, we need, you know, a solid, you know, we'll have, we'll have also school kits, you know, but not, not the expectation be like the volunteer stay for like a couple hours or. So the volunteers will have to be, you know, so let's say at 7, 7.30 to 9.30 solid. And then we'll have to, because the streets will be closed and we'll have to have really a good protection, you know, from, you know, everything outside. You always have to be adults. You can't use your kids for that part. That's the key, right? It's the 2 hour time slot where you need, you don't need 100 for that time slot, though, right? Like you need maybe 50? About? Yeah. Probably but we're closer to 60. 60 and they need to be 18 plus. Yes. Yes. And... For kids in grade 12, can you give them volunteer hours? Yeah. Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Yep. Okay. Um... So that's how our approach as well. So we'll be approaching approaching some schools as well. Yeah, high schools too. You have water station sponsors, though, potentially, right? They could man them? Yes. That's possible. But there's there's water at the end. making sure waters and metals and things like that. What do you mean, bag check? Or bag stations? do you mean? Runners will come because we're expecting runners to come for other areas. And because parking, well, some parking will be further away from the park, that they'll have to bring their bags so they can go to a bag check and keep all their running stuff so they can change into the ratios and stuff like that. You can have a shuttle? You need to have a shuttle? Right not at the moment. at the moment, but we'll see if once we get closer, if we get over 800, there's a possibility because now we're looking at a 1000 runners. Parking up, like, farm boy or... No, they won't. They won't allow, they won't allow. not in the outside. Outside, outside you can. We have the parking lots for the park. So that'll only go so far because once you get the volunteers and everything in the one parking lot, there's only least one at the end for all the runners. We'll have to. We're allowing us to use the school that's straight down, so it's basically a kilometre walk. It is cool all the way down. Yeah, there's a church. That's the Catholic school history. Oh yeah. Great down Jones. You go right to the end? Yeah, same domino. Oh, St. Dominic. Yeah, yeah. Yeah that's a good one. So they'll let you. No, but there is also behind, behind 7-Eleven, that is, uh, one... Okay, yeah. So do you have this all mapped out somewhere, like on a digital file? Not yet. Like right now. I'm just waiting for this, we're going back and forth because we're waiting to see when the construction's gonna happen, and that construction's gonna happen at the bar parking lot of Coronation Park, and they're going across the street and into the park. Yeah, once we have the map, we'll be laying out the park. And, you know, the boots where all the things are... And the signage board. So you need 60 volunteers total, or you need, or our contribution need us to find 60 volunteers? Whatever you can, whatever you can muster. So a lot of the thing is, we're having the company who does the course management, the drops the pylons and the gates. They're actually going to be dropping some of the gating throughout the course so we can put signage all the way around. So there'll be... Okay. So what time do you want volunteers to arrive? Seven, 7:30? Seven. Depending on... Depending if the city lets us start earlier. We'll be starting at least at 5 a.m. because... for setup of the vendor setup, because we have to allow them to come into the park before the race. At 7 o'clock will be basically closing Ontario Street. Yes. And, you know, there will be no cars allowed. So vendors will be not allowed to enter. And who they will have to unpack, they will have to enter the park, drop off the tanks, set up the tents and all that stuff. So between 5 and 7, there will be, yeah, defenders. So the volunteers, so they're giving free coffee to everybody and we'll have other benefits. Do you want to call, like, no pubs or anything? Well, there will be. Yeah, right now we are considering a lot of beer tent. Yeah, beer tent. It'll be, there's a little, like, I'll be a big girl. I know, I know. Well, we help me there. We were not going to do that, but right now it's like a 95% chance, yes. Yeah, yeah. Have you talked to the BIA, the Brani? Yes, we are meeting with them. Talking to Kylie? Yeah. Okay. I'm neighbours with Kylie. Yeah. She does great job. So they run their farmer's market stuff. So, you know, what you'll want is for her to promote two things. One is the race, on all the Instagram and everything that she does. And then also just the vendor fare, because the non, nonrunner people, like, are always looking for stuff to do. So it could be just a fun, like a fun Father's Day. Oh yeah, definitely. Fair. Are you having bouncy castles? Oh, yeah. Oh, well, there you go. Yeah, yeah. Bunch of castles, but these painting, uh... But even for the local businesses, you know, to put that a tent over there to put their products, it's additional exposure. And if we drink, let's say, 2000 people, you know, the total, you know, that's a good boost for the economy. The little pub that were there would be busy, so as well, and so all the businesses playing, et cetera. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We sort of... Are you talking to Doug? Somebody else is talking to him, but so far, the has gone too far. No, okay. So you mentioned the, with the registered runners, contributions of, like, $5 to $20. Is that to, just so I'm clear, are you thinking, like, registered runners, when they registered, like, they will got to charity? Yeah. There will be a charity aspect. So they go through the registration, then there's the thing of how much you would like to donate. There's a bunny for 300 and there's a button they hit. So that would be to your charity, or to ours, or to yours. No, you don't take any money from the charity. My whole thing is that any money raised for the charity goes to the charity. Okay. It doesn't code. You didn't want to, you're not thinking of coming up or doing like a separate one. We'd like, we would do that collectively. Yeah, when the registration, there's going to be a button. $10. And then when they're going to add that up and then they're going to donate that to the ODCF. No, it's not built in like you're not saying, hey, $5 of this $81 is... No, because this makes this is a lot easier and simpler for us to do, and make sure that we have an exact tally of what goes to you. Okay, perfect. And it works for every other race. I'll give you an example right now, the chilli half marathon. They have that button, and just through pressing that button, they've already raced $13,000. Wow. I would assume everybody's like, Oh yeah, I'll have another 5 bucks. Everybody says, okay, yeah, there's 20. Like at the minimum, they click the $20. Yeah. That's fantastic. That's not with the registration. Like, like, to register, if I want to run, I click register, I pay 70, $80, and then I have the option to donate separately. That's right. Yes. And it's right on the race roster page. Okay, cool. Yeah. So we need to give them logo and then we need to give them some a blurb about why they're giving money to the ODCA. Yeah, because it has a little module. Yeah, there's a form I think I sent you last week. Yeah, I emailed, who did all of you, one of you? This form from Greg? Okay. Yeah, there's few fields, you know, that will have to fill it out and with the logo, and then you go on a site and also we have a landing page on our side. That you, it's already there. A lot of work, yeah. Yeah. Yes, that's why it's taken 3 years. Thanks, frankly. So since Greg brought it up already. So, um, Tailblazers, um, I'm talking, uh, to, she asked me how they can get involved in one of the things I was thinking about. It's a pet food store. Next time, my wife religiously goes to. It's between El Spiro and Subway. Yeah, okay. And, uh, I'm gonna talk to her this week about, uh, the possibility of doing a Father's Day dog walk. It'll be a different course along the lake. And all the registration fees would go to, or I'll work with hers, either she probably wants, have to go to Donald Charity, and the other half would go to you, but there was nobody other than Charity being involved in that. So if it's gonna be there, golden doodles, you want them. Yeah. You'd know. there. Yeah, because nobody would care about playing course for it. So it's away from where the activity is is. It gonna take you up over the bridge and walking in the back path. Oh, fun. Yeah, nice. Yeah, right by myself, huh? Nice. And that can be organized, you know, within, within the, uh, time frame of the whole event. So it will be announced and... And then how long will your, um, your community fair run? Father's Day, Father's Day. 3, 3 p.m. 3 p.m. That's amazing, okay. Yeah. So, yeah, so you got 100%, you've got to sit down with Kylie, because that's gonna bring lots of people to that. And we're not worried about noise because we already discussed that with the city. It's part of our permit. We're allowed to have the music and everything. Well, yeah, but being there, you're away from a lot of residential. just condos, and they're kind of used to it. But we're just, they just, from the start perspective, all the speakers have to face toward the lake. Yeah, the complaints already starting. But the, but the music in the park is fine because it's at the band shower, the sales, they call it. Yeah. Which they normally. Who else, um, are you looking for, like, corporate? Like, I'm just thinking, like, Powerade, stuff like that. Like, are you looking at that level? We were looking for all type of sponsorship. Okay. Because right now, I'm sorry, I'm looking at my watch. I have a meeting with the on representative from on Cloud Running. So, uh, we're, we want, uh, eventually to have a fight by somebody, so it's something like, uh... For instance, it's a new balance, uh, Barney Harbour 5K classic... And say the on Cloud, uh, classic 10K, something like that. So there's a sponsorship package that Greg has a link for. There's probably a dozen different sponsorship options from title to t-shirts to drink stations in that. So you can certainly share that. Please. Yeah, we already have sign up for CIBC already sign up, and we have a water station, a water station, a local gym, as well. And we also have the sponsor for the prize money. Yeah. Oh, nice. Yeah, we still have... Blazers doesn't work out. Let me know, 'cause my friend's own bone and biscuit here. I was just thinking when they live... Okay. Yeah, Dave. Yeah. So, uh, I'm just thinking of, like, for us, forgetting, let's say we can get 100 volunteers, like, I think they want us to get 60, right? No, I understand. But I'm saying, like, if we if we max out, we get the man max, whatever. Like, are we thinking, like, getting our brand, like, on t-shirts? Oh, it will be. What do we think? It will be. It'll be on site. So that's what I was talking about, signage. It'll be on signs all around the race course. Okay. So you'll have your own dedicated signs throughout the race course. Perfect. with all our sponsors. So it is taking the best of all the international races and condensing it into ours. That's why we're calling it a classic. It is gonna have a different look and feel of any other race in Canada. Do you need, during your, uh, Father's Day fair, do you need volunteers for that as well? Well, that's part of the 60, the 100 ball. Well, yeah, I'm just trying to think, so we need, because, because, you know, we'll probably do it and shifts, then, right? Yeah, absolutely. And we'll work and we'll have we'll have a volunteer coordinator. Yeah. which we're, we have 3 P, who's who's doing the volunteers? Adriana? Adriana. So we'll work with her to figure out what she needs, and then we can try and start feeling for time slots, because what we do in our food bank, food drives at the superstore, we split split them into two hour time slots, and that seems to be very sellable. Yeah, right? Yeah. You know, and so if we can say, okay, well, three hour shifts or something like that, and you'll need probably more during the race and less during the fair. Yeah, if we can't, if we can have, like, a designated person for, for this event, that she can communicate and because we... And then... So, for instance, we need, like, a crew of 10 people going around putting the designated sponsorship signs all around the race course. Yeah, once we get the people, then she can she can boss them around. give you an example. Because she's also responsible for the vendors as well. And, you know, so that would be a, yeah, that would be a really good combination. And her husband is actually, yeah, involved with the same thing. Jono, right? Yeah, yeah, he's helping. What is our first golf term? June fifth. And this is June 21st, 21st. Okay. So here's my thought. The focus should be on the volunteers for the race component. That's the most important part to you. It's probably the most difficult part to get people out at seven, 730 in the morning, and you can't use students for that. So from our perspective, like getting 50 guys is not easy. No, but it's easier because we can get their spouses, and we can get their 18 plus children. Yes, yeah. Sure. But what I'm saying is, I don't want to give them any other option. I want to give them 7.30 to 9.30 here. where we need like 60 guys. Yeah, we're seven, 7 to 9 or 630, whatever number you need. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, we can put check, yes, if you can stay longer if needed or something. Right? We know people stay around. We know the Bronte runners after they've done the race will pitch in if... if that's the least of your words, right? It's the 7 AM. make sure all the roads are manned and that that is the make or break for the race, right? So that's where I think we need to be very clear and ask for volunteers for that segment of time. If we give them a later option, we'll have 60 guys who want to come at 10 and no one will want to come at seven. You said exactly what I was thinking. Like when I kept asking for people like, and the breakdown, but you're right, yeah. So, we have one time slot, and then after that, we can say, okay, you know, we can drill down from there, 10 guys to do this, 5 guys to do that. If I want to also drop in another time frame before 7, because that's gonna be kind of a physical aspect as well. Not physical, it doesn't have to be, you know, involved carrying things, but coordinating things. I'm a little bit worried about the vendor event, you know, just basically setting everything up and, you know, that they will set up at the right spot. Right. So measurements and all that stuff. So it's just open seven. Yeah. So we'll have to have somebody will, of course, have our own people to coordinate, but we'll need some help. Because the city will send an inspector to make sure all the tents that are set up are not staked, that they have to be weighted down. Oh, really? Yes. Yeah, I learned that. I don't know if you remember it three years ago, 2023. There was a tornado coming through the vendor event, and all the tents were basically flying all over the place. So which event is why? I think it was a Latino event or something. Okay. Yeah. Because they're awaited or because they were trim? They were not waited. Okay, waited. Yeah, but also the tornado was pretty harsh. Not a lot of people have weights and you're not allowed, everyone comes, and then the city says you can't spike your tent. which everyone's used to doing. I don't know what these little holes in the grass are, but... sandbags or weights. They sell weights for 10 snow or sandbags, so that's what they're looking for. Okay. And then the food trucks that are actually trucks, there's a certain area they go off and park and the city has allowed us to... Are you looking for more people for that part of your event? Five, 5 AM? Like, is that what you... Yeah, 530 probably. Because we'll have to... We'll have to coordinate, you know, not allowing... Not allowing all the cars to go in. They have the whole park. Awesome. Kylie, Kylie will be able to help you with that. Um, but, you know, we know, you know, I'm thinking classes. That's honestly. They do a fantastic job. But that's just one truck. Or one vendor. They set up a... Anyway. They're amazing. Cool. Yeah, so it would be great for the community, and there's access to the parking when the race is going on through both ends, like, they can come around Ontario Street, not to the park, or they can come from the other end, where it sort of dips up to go to Marine Drive, they can enter through that way, as well. Obviously, not during the race, but prior to there's a lot of access into the park, so... So what's our next steps here? Sorry, I gotta wrap it up. I gotta get online, but, um, what are we thinking for next steps? Yeah, so next step is just, uh, as soon as possible, I need the information to put this on the race roster. Okay. So, logo, and, you know, a little spill about the outfield dats, and... Which spreading is going to be? Yeah, what code? Yeah. Don't fill that. Yeah, all one word. Okay, so you have an email from me with a form. Okay. And also, for the marketing and promotion, promotional support, is just, if we can come up with some sort of race information that we can share on a monthly basis, because we cannot only do this at once, we have to constantly getting people. Because people are used to sign up for the races the last minute. And we have to take advantage of, you know, the codes, some promotions, and, you know, all that stuff. So. So if you have social media collateral that you want us to post in the group, either you can post it on Tuesdays, right? Because we have our kind of giving Tuesday concert because it's charitable and so forth, or we can post it on Tuesdays. If you give us, if you want to give us a series of three, four posts, we can program them over. Like, we can program posts ahead of time. As admins, you have the ability. And so we can we can program them ahead of time, if that helps. Yeah. And what are your hard deadlines? Do you have any set lungs or you have to? Once we once the city gets us, well, we know what the rice rope is, then we can start doing those. Okay? Because everything sort of hinges on what the course looks like, 'cause that's gonna change the signage, it's gonna change. So, the road system, the policing, the whole night yard, so everything was contingent upon. Whether or not they're gonna have the construction there or not, right? Oh, it still might not even happen. No, will it? It's just gonna change... They just don't know when it's gonna start. The race will happen, but you don't know the exact... They'll let us know. They're working on that right now. They were actually very, very helpful. They said, look, we're gonna try to get this information as soon as possible. So, we have plan B, but we still need to know what to tell the road people. Uh, you know, everything is affected. A lot of the coursing. How many police? Well, once again, contingent upon what their own Gotcha. And weather backup plan, anything? Uh, it's rain or shock. Yeah. If it rains, you get wet. It does, and... I like that, obviously. Now, um, I was gonna ask you was, okay, so should we, I know Jeremy's running out of time. I know you have a meeting to go to. I think it would make sense if we met regularly on this. and discuss how we can help you, promote it. And so, but maybe, you know, in the interest of everybody's time, we can do it in person or we can do a new call. What would you guys like? Yeah, for me, Zoom call would be good. Either one works for me. Okay, great. And, um... both work locally? I work from home. Your home? Yeah, to put them in your car. Well, lucky. No, I really. every day. I train people. All day long. For running? Yeah. I'm a former national team member. Oh, wow, amazing. So... so even though I try to retire, I'm still doing it. Yeah, but it's your passion, so it's fine. Do we want to try to meet up, like, what do you think? Mid March, mid March. Yeah, we have our team meetings on a monthly basis right now, so 1st Wednesday of the month. Which will become? So I think just right after we can, we can meet up. So early March, like before March? Early March, yeah. Yeah. Thursday, like, after Wednesday, I heard, like, 1st Thursday. Yes, yeah, yeah. 1st Thursdays are our... It doesn't have to be week after, let's say. I'm not booking meetings on the 5 of March. Oh, and that's fair. my birthday. Simulator. I'm gonna go for lunch with these guys. We'll have a few beers. And then I'm not going to be... No, we have to. That's right. That's the plan. I have to run on my birthday so much, too. Oh, no. Oh I feel bad for you. Uh, but I could do the, you know, I could do whatever. Yeah, the other day. You want to do a Friday? Friday is fine. Is it Friday, Friday is good for me. Yeah, you don't work Fridays, right? Well, it's government, so it's a pretty optional. All right, what time on? So the 6th? March break is the 16th to 20th. Just a little later, yeah. Well, they're meeting on the fourth. So then if we met on the sixth. Yeah. I could do 930 again on the sixth. Yeah. By Zoom? Yeah. Yeah? Is that good for you guys? Yeah. Yeah. I could do earlier if it's easier for everyone. Well, that's good for you. You're fine. Okay, I'll send an invite. Thanks for here. I got you. Awesome. Okay, I will go back and check the emails. I know Brent said good stuff, and then we'll work on the, uh... Do you mind taking all three of us when you...? Yeah. Yeah, I had sent the form to pair more sofa my charity standpoint, but he moved you in. Got it. Perfect. And then I didn't want to... So your sign up process has already started? Yeah, we started... Yeah, we already have. soon as Greg gets the information, it'll be up on this roster. Okay, what's the domain? Right now, our landing page is brought to hardwareclassic.com. dot com. Yeah. And, uh, and then there is a link for uh, uh, for sign up for the race. Or you can go directly to race roster. Yeah, race roster and Bronte Harbour Classic. Okay. Look. Awesome. Thanks for thinking of us. All right. Nice to meet you guys. Yeah, thank you. Thank you again. Thank you. It's gonna be fun. I appreciate it. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you as well. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Um, do you want to try and get a little photo here? Here, here. Sure. What do you want to do? What do you want, back up here? No, I don't know, we can go out here, maybe, just a little more. Do you like that? You ever know how this picture'll come in handy? Or cut our faces. See out here? Yeah, maybe right down here or somehow. Oh, okay.. Here, can we, uh Oh, well, okay, well, just off until we dad. There you go. No, no, no, no, official, success. Yeah. I know, I know. Frank, come in, uh... I'm in front of the stairs, and... Well, in person. You drop that? Don't move. Hmm? Yeah, a little bit. Okay. Thank you. I'll have to be not gonna end the one. So, you guys keep those, right? Yeah, definitely. Yeah, if they did... Oh, big thing, right? They have to Yeah. Yeah. Do you have anything? I need you, uh, block it. Do you have any driver left? Watch it. That's so long. Yeah, it's okay. That's awesome. All right. Thank you, guys. Suddenly got cut from the team. You sure he will? You got cut. Yeah. These those out front? Uh, I don't, I have to get some... Oh you got that shirt under it? I do. Thank you. Yeah, and I don't have to worry about it tomorrow night. Sure, sure. You wanted me to bring it to the chamber. Oh, I know, right? No. You're walking around with that until you see them? Thank you. Yeah, what is the rest thing? The Sean thing is nice, right? I think so, yeah. You have to talk about... Yeah, French? 730, though.. I can send, uh... Oh, what is this? No. No sense. Nice. You got these vapes? You look like an egg? Oh, cool. Oh, cool. Okay, okay. Okay. All right. Okay. Hi, guys, I'll travel. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. All right, thanks. seeing you. Yeah, I'll see you online. See you, sir? Take care. Good luck. Okay, I'm just sorry. Okay? Okay? Yeah. Yeah, no, no, no. I'm trying to remember, yeah, first. I saw them in Vegas. Okay. Yeah, I know. Off the box.. So... No, I just, I just want to see, uh, even what's the option? I think you showed me one shirt, but you said... Okay, well, I'm just... Just reiterate, most people wear T-shirt after race like myself. But I can tell you that this shirt, I see it periodically. After almost 2000 miners, I see it. Why? Because nobody wears a racetick. But they're aware that I wear my cottage. Please don't wear, which I... Well, the Chinese, usually the new one is square. Yeah, yeah. Which I'm so surprised. Why do they wear a mask? Like how to even wash? Yeah. That's also true. But most people wear the pie, like I wear my cock. Okay, yeah, but... But, yeah, I just want to quickly explore and then, yeah, he's, um, like, you, uh, like, talking to Drake, that's why he didn't go to that, because more people wear the looted juice shirts than they do the other one. So that's where I was... I'm selfish enough to talk about, to think about myself. But just for you. See you later. See ya.. Oh, yeah. Well, I was trying to figure out, too, sponsorship wise, whether... people always want something. I want a shirt or a hat, or... Yeah, right? Well, I know the feedback from the volunteers, at least, was it was so much simpler to do hats, right, than worry about sized garments that we have to just like, here's your cut. Yeah, here's your name. No questions, no searching, no I'm sorry, we don't have that size. How do they fit? Do they fit tight? Do they fit? Like, you could just went pretty smooth. Um, So, I mean, if you're gonna do it, obviously, like you do something different, like, like different type of hat altogether. different colour, different style, whatever. They give you our hats. I wonder about bucket hats, actually. Go to bucket hat. How many how many do you need? Well, they do, like, 144 for the golf in the fall and 250? Probably. Yeah, I have really nice cuts. The bucket huts. But, like, buck, not the Bucket cuts, yeah. We have bucket hats. Just those traditional ones? Okay, I thought all yours had, like, the neck. No, no, no, we have I think like right now we are getting rid of those, but we have 5 different models. Oh. Is that what you do? Clothing? Yeah, we have, you know, some protection, but also kinesiology tape. Yeah, like an Amazon store, kind of, right? Okay. Yeah. Well, maybe there's a way, like, if we use it, you could be, like, the hat sponsor, and you can buy the hats, and I just put logos on them or something. Yeah. We did it for brontiranish, also the same hunt. I will send you a picture. Yeah, take a peek. Let us know. Yeah. I need you to do the logos for the soccer jerseys probably later this month. Hmm. Is that something still you want? Like, when you do it, is it good for multiple washes or is it kind of? Yeah, they're tested to 50 washes.